[do not merge] Add shadcn theme note about css import (#2456)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/customization/themes.mdx

  </div>
</Tabs>

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are _not_ using the `shadcn` input component, we recommend importing the shadcn.css file within your global.css file. Tailwind scans source files as plain text to detect which classes to generate - classes that only exist in external configurations won't be included in the final CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are _not_ using the `shadcn` input component, it's recommended to import the `shadcn.css` file within your `global.css` file. Tailwind scans source files as plain text to detect which classes to generate - classes that only exist in external configurations won't be included in the final CSS.
```

> > If you are _not_ using the `shadcn` input component, it's recommended to import the `shadcn.css` file within your `global.css` file. Tailwind scans source files as plain text to detect which classes to generate - classes that only exist in external configurations won't be included in the final CSS.

Reviewer: what do you mean by the input component?

Author: removed
